fixed stub/added solution/+link to open terminal (#34252)
freeCodeCamp/freeCodeCamp: guide/english/certifications/javascript-algorithms-and-data-structures/debugging/use-the-javascript-console-to-check-the-value-of-a-variable/index.md

---
## Use the JavaScript Console to Check the Value of a Variable

> In order to open up the Javascript Console of your Browser (chrome,firefox,safari,opera,edge) press: [here](https://github.com/freeCodeCamp/guide/blob/master/src/pages/certifications/javascript-algorithms-and-data-structures/debugging/understanding-the-differences-between-the-freecodecamp-and-browser-console/index.md)

Reviewer: First, there are missing spaces in the browser list. More importantly, the link is pointing to the wrong URL. Even more importantly, it's not pointing to anything helpful.

## Hint 1:

> In order to see what is the e.g. stored value of a variable we can use the command *console.log()* .

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In order to see what is for example the stored value of a variable, we can use the command `console.log()`.
```

Reviewer 2: ok

> In this exercise it is required to use this command in order to display in our console the value of variable a so... How may I log into my console the value of a varible?

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In this exercise it is required to use this command in order to display in our console the value of variable a so... How may I log into my console the value of `a` varible?
```

---
## Use the JavaScript Console to Check the Value of a Variable

> In order to open up the Javascript Console of your Browser (chrome,firefox,safari,opera,edge) press: [here](https://guide.freecodecamp.org/certifications/javascript-algorithms-and-data-structures/debugging/understanding-the-differences-between-the-freecodecamp-and-browser-console)

Reviewer 3: As mentioned by @RandellDawson, there shouldnt be a reference to the challenge which the camper hasnt encountered yet (atleast for this one).

You can instead write couple of instructions?

Reviewer 2: Hello @ezioda004  yeah sure I can write something extra no problem but if you want to specify regarding what would you like me to write one extra paragraph etc?

Reviewer 4: @AlexandreLeFou Yes, just make it as concise as possible.  Looking forward to your addition!

Reviewer 5: @AlexandreLeFou Any progress?

> In order to open up the Javascript Console of your Browser (chrome,firefox,safari,opera,edge) press: [here](https://github.com/freeCodeCamp/freeCodeCamp/blob/master/guide/english/certifications/javascript-algorithms-and-data-structures/debugging/understanding-the-differences-between-the-freecodecamp-and-browser-console/index.md)

Reviewer: this is still pointing to the github url instead of the live one.
